README.md, before:

# AirAsiaParkingLot

This API is to enable an admin user to manage to park of a parking lot.

## Attachments

- [Requirement document](docs/TL_Backend_FS.pdf)
- [Frontend Demo Video](docs/frontend-demo.mp4)
- [Postman Collection](docs/api-postman-collection.json)
- [API Docs Readme](docs/API-DOCS.md)

## Tech Stack Used
- NodeJs v14
- Backend: ExpressJs v4
- Frontend: ReactJs V16
- UI/UX: bootstrap V4
- Frontend Runner: react-scripts V3
- Backend Runner: Nodemon V2
- Validation: @hapi/joi v17
- Encryption: bcrypt v5
- Firebase:  firebase-admin v9
- JWT: jsonwebtoken v8
- Bcrypt: For encryption
- DotEnv: To maintain environments

## How to Run?

### With Docker

If you have docker installed and running, you can run this app straightforwardly with thees commands:

```bash
$ cd <this-app-folder>
$ docker-compose up --build
```

### Without Docker

In case you do not have docker or want to run in on a bare server/machine, you need to run client and API in 2 separate terminals. First, open a terminal to run the backend side API:

```bash
$ cd api
$ npm i
$ npm start
```
This should get the server API up and running and accessible at http://localhost:8080/ in postman. You can get and import postman collection [here](docs/api-postman-collection.json) to play with API endpoints.

Next, you need to open another terminal for client-side and hit these commands there:
```bash
$ cd client
$ npm i
$ npm start
```
This should get the client-side up and running and accessible at http://localhost:3000/ in the browser. You can have a look at the demo video [here](docs/frontend-demo.mp4) to get a better understanding.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Added erd and flow-chart, added seeder for parking lot

README.md, after:

# AirAsiaParkingLot

This API is to enable an admin user to manage to park of a parking lot.

## Attachments

- [Requirement document](docs/TL_Backend_FS.pdf)
- [Frontend Demo Video](docs/frontend-demo.mp4)
- [Postman Collection](docs/api-postman-collection.json)
- [API Docs Readme](docs/API-DOCS.md)

## Tech Stack Used
- NodeJs v14
- Backend: ExpressJs v4
- Frontend: ReactJs V16
- UI/UX: bootstrap V4
- Frontend Runner: react-scripts V3
- Backend Runner: Nodemon V2
- Validation: @hapi/joi v17
- Encryption: bcrypt v5
- Firebase:  firebase-admin v9
- JWT: jsonwebtoken v8
- Bcrypt: For encryption
- DotEnv: To maintain environments

## How to Run?

### With Docker

If you have docker installed and running, you can run this app straightforwardly with thees commands:

```bash
$ cd <this-app-folder>
$ docker-compose up --build
```

### Without Docker

In case you do not have docker or want to run in on a bare server/machine, you need to run client and API in 2 separate terminals. First, open a terminal to run the backend side API:

```bash
$ cd api
$ npm i
$ cp .env.example .env
$ npm start
```
This should get the server API up and running and accessible at http://localhost:8080/ in postman. You can get and import postman collection [here](docs/api-postman-collection.json) to play with API endpoints.

Next, you need to open another terminal for client-side and hit these commands there:
```bash
$ cd client
$ npm i
$ npm start
```
This should get the client-side up and running and accessible at http://localhost:3000/ in the browser. You can have a look at the demo video [here](docs/frontend-demo.mp4) to get a better understanding.

### Demo Credentials
- Username: `furqan.dev1@gmail.com`
- Password: `password`

### FireStore Setup and Seeder
Currently, .env.example have credentials for already established firestore on test GCP account, in case you want to setup different firestore, you need to put credentials into `.env` file and hit `node api/scripts/seed-slots.js` from the root of the project to seed all slot locations.

## ERD for the database
![ERD for the database](docs/database-erd.png)

## Flow Chart for App
![Flow Chart for App](docs/park-flow-chart.png)

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
